Update README.md (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/devextreme-datagrid-update-multiple-cells: README.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T957230)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# DataGrid for DevExtreme - Update multiple cell values after selecting an item in a lookup column editor

> This example demonstrates how to update multiple cell values after a user selects an item in the editor. In the example, when you select a new value in the "Name" column, the "Address" and "Phone" columns also change their values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to update multiple cell values after a user selects an item in the editor. In the example, when you select a new value in the "Name" column, the values in the "Address" and "Phone" columns also change.
```

![DataGrid with updated cell values](./datagrid-update-cell-values.gif)

## Implementation Details

- Define [onEditorPreparing](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onEditorPreparing) to override the built-in `onValueChanged` event handler for a lookup column editor.
- Call the `setValue` method with the [selectedItem](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#selectedItem) option as a parameter to pass changes to the grid.  

> - Define the [setCellValue](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#setCellValue) callback function in a lookup column and use the `newData` parameter to update adjacent cells. The `value` parameter will represent an item you selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define the [setCellValue](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#setCellValue) callback function in a lookup column and use the `newData` parameter to update adjacent cells. The `value` parameter represents an item you have selected.
```
